Security captain
You are fired from now on
Before you leave
Do one last thing
Put a few of them
Drag me out and give me a good beating
No, we're slow.
Manager Zhou has dinner
Who told you we didn't have an invitation?
Our monk said you didn't
You just don't have it.
Ye Xian, what about your arrogance just now?
Why don't you see how you die?
Ye Xian, this is the end of going against me
Hurry up and do it!
Do it with me
You also deserve
Wait a minute
Thanks what's the matter
They said I was a fool without an invitation
Uh, how many?
I know Mr. Ip
I take a personal guarantee
He will never touch you
Come on.
This person should be Ye Xian's backer
Zhou Legend, a boss in our small county seat
You guarantee who you are
You are just a small county seat
To catch up with things that surpass me
monk
There's been a misunderstanding.
So your people are not party
I will pay for medical expenses and nutrition expenses
I'm the eater
Apologize to you and them.
Are you okay?
Good idea.
You're going to help them, right?
Then die with them
Come on
They go together